docs: add OAuth 2.0 user doc (#761)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/administration/sso/overview.md

---

> title: Single sign-on (SSO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Single Sign-On (SSO)
```

---

> Single sign-on (SSO) is an authentication method that enables users to securely authenticate with multiple applications and websites by using just one set of credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single Sign-On (SSO) is an authentication method that enables users to securely authenticate with multiple applications and websites by using just one set of credentials.
```

> Bytebase supports the following standard protocols that provide SSO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytebase supports the following standard protocols that provide SSO:
```

- [OAuth 2.0](/docs/administration/sso/oauth2)

## Create SSO provider

> As a **Workspace Owner**, you can create a SSO provider with the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a **Workspace Owner**, you can create a SSO provider with the following steps:
```

1. Go to the **Settings** page.

   ![settings-sso](/static/docs/administration/sso/settings-sso.webp)

2. Click **Create** to start creating SSO.
3. Fill in all the required fields.

   ![create-sso-dialog](/static/docs/administration/sso/create-sso-dialog.webp)

## Sign in with SSO

> Once a valid SSO has been created, the user can quickly log in via the button in sign in page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a valid SSO has been created, the user can choose the configured SSO provider to sign in.
```
